Breaking: Deprecate Readable (#193)
svecosystem/runed: sites/docs/src/content/utilities/active-element.md

</p>
```

> ## Shadow DOM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Document
```

> If you need to track focus within a shadow root, you can pass the shadow root to the `ActiveElement`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to scope the focus tracking with a custom document or shadow root, you can pass a `DocumentOrShadowRoot` to the `ActiveElement` options:
```
